some final tasks before release (#625)
lumicks/pylake: docs/whatsnew/1.4.0/1_4_0.rst

.. figure:: hmm_hairpin.png

   HMM analysis of a tethered DNA hairpin held at three different bead separations.

Automatic bead cropping
-----------------------

> Added :meth:`~lumicks.pylake.kymo.Kymo.estimate_bead_edges()` and :meth:`~lumicks.pylake.kymo.Kymo.crop_beads()` for roughly cropping the beads out of a kymograph. This can help when batch processing of kymographs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added :meth:`~lumicks.pylake.kymo.Kymo.estimate_bead_edges()` and :meth:`~lumicks.pylake.kymo.Kymo.crop_beads()` for quickly crop the beads out of a kymograph using an estimate of the bead edges. This can help when batch processing of kymographs.
```

.. figure:: bead_edges.png

Filter customization kymotracking
---------------------------------

We added the option to customize the filters applied prior to peak detection to :func:`~lumicks.pylake.track_greedy`.
To do this, we added two additional parameters:

- `filter_width` allows customizing the filter applied prior to detection.
- `adjacency_filter` applies a filter on the detected peaks, removing any fluorescent peaks that do not have a detected peak in an adjacent frame.

This allows using lower thresholds, while keeping false detections in check.

.. figure:: tracking_comparison.png

> .. figure:: tracking_comparison_threshold.png

Reviewer: could you remake the plots using something like `viridis` for the colormap? I don't know if it's the colorblindness but I can barely distinguish the tracks on the green background. The perceptually uniform colormaps are anyways best practice for data visualization (at least in a single-channel format)

Author: Good point. Switched to lime on gray.
